initial docs on adding a component to the index (#1740)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/community/how-to-contribute.mdx

---
title: Contributing a component
description:

>   We want anyone to be able to add assets to the community component index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Anyone can add assets to the community component index.
```

  Maintainers can submit a short pull request in GitHub to add components to the
  index.

tabs: ['Component index', 'How to contribute']
---

<PageDescription>

> We want anyone to be able to add assets to the community component index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone can add assets to the community component index.
```

Maintainers can submit a short pull request in GitHub to add components to the
index.

</PageDescription>

## Add a component using the GitHub UI

1. In the

>    [index folder](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/tree/master/src/data/index)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [index](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/tree/master/src/data/index) folder
```

>    of the carbon-website GitHub repo, open your team folder (or create one if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   of the carbon-website GitHub repo, open your team folder. Create a folder if
```

>    your team doesn’t have on yet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   your team doesn’t have one yet.
```

> 2. On the next page, in the top right above the the table click `Add file` then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the index page, click `Add file` (top right), then choose
```

   `Create new file`.

> 3. Name your file `component-name.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Name your file `component-name.yml`, where _component-name_ is the name of your component. 
```

> 4. Copy and paste this template into the “Edit new file” section of the page and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy and paste the following template into the “Edit new file” section of the page and
```

   fill out the correct information for your component.
   ```
   name: component name
   website_url: >-
     url of documentation / guidance page (if any)
   code_url: >-
     url of component code on GitHub
   maintainer: name of maintainer team
   description: >-
     short description of purpose and usage of component
   framework: choose one of Vanilla | Angular | React | Vue
   design_asset: choose one of Sketch | Axure | Adobe XD | Figma
   platform: Web
   aliases:
     - fuzzy term for component (e.g. an alias for a "card" component might be "tile")
   date_added: YYY-MM-DDT00:00:00.000Z
   ```

> 5. Once done, click the green `Create new file` button at the bottom.

Reviewer: This button says **Commit new file** for me. Is it different for me, or is this a mistake?

> 6. After submitting the PR for the data, you’ll need to upload your image. Go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After submitting the PR for the data, you’ll need to upload your image. 

1. Go
```

>    back to your team folder in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   back to your team folder on the
```

>    [index folder](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/tree/master/src/data/index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [index](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-website/tree/master/src/data/index) page.
```

> 7. Inside your team folder click on the `images` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Inside your team folder click the `images` folder.
```

> 8. In the top right, click `Add file` then `Upload files` then upload your image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. In the top right, click `Add file` then `Upload files` to upload your image
```

>    to that page then submit the PR by clicking the green `Commit changes` button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to that page. 
   
    1. Submit the PR by clicking the green `Commit changes` button
```

   at the bottom. Note: name you image file with the same name as the component
   (e.g. `component-name.png` to match `component-name.yml`).

> 9. And you’re done! The Carbon team will review and merge the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And you’re done! The Carbon team will review and merge the PR.
```

> If you’re unsure about how to make a PR through GitHub then create an issue in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re unsure about how to make a PR through GitHub, create an issue in
```
